PERSONAL INFORMATION

Name: Antony O'Brien.  
Student Number: s3793774. 
Student Email: s3793774@student.rmit.edu.au
Other information: I am Australian.  I have a Bachelor of Laws and have previously worked as a solicitor.  One interesting fact is that I have a passion for hi fi and know John Barbuto, the initial founder of JB Hi Fi. My favourite sport is table tennis.

INTEREST IN IT

•	What is your interest in IT? When did your interest in IT start? Was there a particular event or person that sparked your interest? Outline your IT experience (if any).

My interest in IT started as a child.  I always enjoyed playing computer games.  I remember playing N64 with my brothers.

•	Why did you choose to come to RMIT?

RMIT has a good reputation for Information Technology.  I need to study outside of hours, so open universities works for me.

•	What do you expect to learn during your studies?

I expect to learn the basics of IT, and to develop a passion for a particular area of IT.

IDEAL JOB

My ideal job would be a Support Officer.  ie

https://www.iress.com/au/company/join-us/listing/support-officer/

This job is attactive to me because it is an entry level role.

I think I would be exposed to a wide variety of IT related problems, and I would develop skills very quickly.  As someone who is new to the IT industry I think the role would be perfect for me.

The role is an entry level role so a Bachelor of IT from RMIT would be suitable skills, qualifications and experience for the role.  Accordingly, I am a few years away from being able to undertake this role.

At present, I only have basic skils in IT, so would not be ready to undertake the role.  I would not be able to provide the necessary support required for the role.

My plan would be to pass my Bachelor of IT from RMIT, and also to obtain industry experience along the way, to set me up and make me able to undertake this role.

PERSONAL PROFILE

•	The results of an online Myers-Briggs test.

•	The results of an online learning style test.

•	The results of one further online test of your choosing.

•	What do the results of these tests mean for you?

•	How do you think these results may influence your behaviour in a team?

•	How should you take this into account when forming a team?

PROJECT IDEA

Overview (100 words) - This should be a summary of what the project will be.

Motivation (100) words) - This should be a description of why the project will be interesting or useful. This may include statistics or other evidence, such as: "There 
service. are 1.5 billion cat owners in Australia, and so there is a huge market for an automated cat feeder. Using Raspberry Pi technology is a cheap and easily assembled solution to this problem."

Description (500 words) - Detailed description of the features of the product or service

Tools and Technologies (100) words) - Describe the software, hardware and/or other equipment needed. Include any relevant open source tools as appropriate.

Skills Required (100 words) - List the skills are required for your project, including software that needs to be written, and special hardware (if any). How feasible will it be to find the skills, software and hardware required?

Outcome (100 words) - If the project is successful, what will be the outcome? How will the original problem be solved? What impact will this development have?




